docs: add features that you concern (#399)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/concepts/features-that-you-concern.md

# Features that You Concern

## Does GreptimeDB support updates?

> Sort of. The updates can be effectively performed by insertions. If the primary keys have identical column values, the old data will be replaced with the new one. The primary keys in GreptimeDB are mostly like the series in other TSDBs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sort of. The updates can be effectively performed by insertions. If the primary keys have identical column values, the old data will be replaced with the new one. The primary keys in GreptimeDB are similar to the series in other TSDBs.
```
